such a loser we're so in the way
no one likes it teenage girls can be
cruel you're ugly you're fat boost me
out using words as weapons that can
leave painful scars and sometimes even
worse I was bullied because I was fat
and then a few months later I developed
an eating disorder these bullies and
this victim they're really actors and we
set up our hidden cameras at frozen and
Tom in Livingston New Jersey to see what
people do when Sophie orders ice cream
and Paulina and Michaela serve up a
double scoop of a few if you get any
fatter you're not hanging out with us I
don't like having fat friends
you're never gonna look like us if you
eat like that as our Mean Girls put on
there we came here to get iced coffee we
didn't come here to get fat
this man takes it all in I'm gonna take
a picture of Harry post not answer yeah
I do like a hashtag Miss Piggy
hashtag he's hurt she's our best friend
best friend yeah yeah
Clara you're Chris finicky I'm talking
bad about North we're helping her
helping her alone
stay here and watch you eat this is
disgusting as they leave he even throws
their comments back in their faces down
next to gostrey she sits down and
promptly gets a pep talk our Mean Girls
rest back up and talking down if you're
just fat face the facts you're fat this
woman waits until they leave I'm sick of
this I'm saved harley ain't talking find
this piggy okay you can walk home but
when they do she rushes over to our
victim
I'm pretty close okay maybe the rider
videos thank you and a ride home isn't
the only thing she offers met Jefferson
and along with that ice cream a little
insight
she couldn't be more right you were so
kind to her why I couldn't believe how
cruel they were to her verbally that was
verbal abuse yeah so you have to jump in
huh
well I wanted to try to alleviate her
sorrow that's what life's all about
right making it better I couldn't have
said it better myself thank you for well
today many people witness our frenemies
in action not everyone gets involved
[Music]
loss of appetite aside these boys keep
their opinions to themselves he's
getting ice cream this young man on the
other hand doesn't seem to care about
crossing that male/female fine
we're like her only friends yeah I
always look out for her it's what we do
mineralogy she wants to look like but
she have to do the work could you say
and this man he doesn't hold anything
back we're just trying to help her
he takes his own advice and walks out
and then along comes this mother and
daughter how will they react guys are
gonna head over here Sophie we talked
about this we you better not die any ice
cream so famous I'm gonna try just one
ice cream we came here to get nice
coffee they clearly don't like what
they're hearing everything matters
everything every single single thing
matters disgusting so you're so gross
you gained weight you've gained a lot of
weight
now you're gaining more right in front
of our eyes and you telling me you want
to lose weight I think yourself in the
mirror like that and that's the final
straw do you guys are abusive where have
you said yeah what you're saying is
really mean we're just trying to help
her that is cruel I'm a therapist that
specializes in eating disorders
what you're doing is incredibly hurting
I'm horrified and eating disorders
therapist someone who knows exactly how
harmful these words can be we're just
trying to help her she doesn't need any
help
she's quite fun I think you're going to
help this is obviously so important to
you where people look like isn't
all right we're leaving I'm discussing
maybe old burn some calories walking our
bullies leave the building but this
mother isn't finished counseling Sophie
her daughter has even more - she yeah
I'll give you my number she offers her
own friendship I didn't have any friends
in high school so I know it's like
14 okay a 14 year olds was not ice cream
because sweet is totally fine hey I'm so
much shaken up
they're much nicer people to hang out
with where they arrival yeah
before they take our actor home with
them it's time to introduce ourselves
you offered her your phone number yeah I
mean if I was in her shoes I would want
someone to talk to
she's a complete stranger so I would
want someone who to me you treat these
cases yeah so that just was so scary to
me because I see five miles down the
road
it's the where it could go a lot of
times teenagers are afraid that if they
say something they're gonna be an
outcast then but I think it really
defines you as a person like if you are
compassionate about other people and you
aren't afraid to take a stand for what
you believe is right exactly and if your
girl friends are telling you that what
should you do I new friends and this new
friend well she's like the cherry on top
hi guys John quinones here thanks so
much for checking out our YouTube
channel there's so much more to see so
click on this red button down here the
one that says subscribe and you won't
miss another what would you do moment
enjoy